diosa Los Angeles California Marin time
embargo Finnick mama locking Filipino
owned barbecue restaurant medina de una
when I'm in Pinoy simply llama a secret
osaka compiled in the parks finest bold
excellent flavors that offers something
new to the LA dining scene Filipino
flavors it's working hard-working farmer
food
I mean it's fresh vegetables it's fresh
passion meat fresh fish in a Fiesta
setting where people can enjoy together
as a family
the restaurants menu reflects the
diversity of John Eric's neighborhood
Echo Park
for instance near elote the parks finest
take on the Mexican roast corn sold on
the streets and it's famous cornbread
bibingka what's cool about the park's
finances is homegrown mom-and-pop shop
in our area that we've grown up in real
deal la will open up your our homes to
you
take care of you feed you double check
on you and make sure that you get home
safely and what we try to do is showcase
what this side of town is about by decay
John Eric I'm a combine on parks finest
I'tikaf ID number at v-- noise a
comunidad he urges Filipino communities
to support your homegrown interpreters
and talents it's a matter of maximizing
and networking with a community but also
giving back and feeling like there's a
debt that we we owe to our community
that supports us and at the same time we
have to hold our community accountable
to value instead of short changing
students always negotiating and
devaluing what our other community
kebabian are actually offering you we
should pay that premium the parks finest
is located at 1267 West Temple Street in
Los Angeles more information can be
found on their website the parks finest
calm